Creation of player_shapeshift_model and player_totem_model (#1070)
azerothcore/wiki: docs/player_shapeshift_model.md

# player_shapeshift_model

[<-Back-to:World](database-world)

**The \`player_shapeshift_model\` table**

> This table holds the information on what values are used for the druid shapeshift models, based on the shapeshift, race, character customisation and their gender.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This table holds the information on what values are used for the druid shapeshift models, based on the shapeshift, race, character customization, and the gender of the player character.
```

**Table Structure**

> | Field                              | Type    | Attributes | Key | Null | Default | Extra | Comment |

Reviewer: Hyperlinks for this table? If so, may need to be fixed.

Author: If you're asking if the hyperlinks work, they dont work in github but they are set correctly if not mistaken.

Author: Disregard, I missed the [] in the table was mb

| ---------------------------------- | ------- | ---------- | --- | ---- | ------- | ----- | ------- |
| ShapeshiftID (#shapeshiftid)       | TINYINT | UNSIGNED   | PRI | NO   |         |       |         |
| RaceID (#raceid)                   | TINYINT | UNSIGNED   | PRI | NO   |         |       |         |
| CustomizationID (#customizationid) | TINYINT | UNSIGNED   | PRI | NO   |         |       |         |
| GenderID (#genderid)               | TINYINT | UNSIGNED   | PRI | NO   |         |       |         |
| ModelID (#modelid)                 | INT     | UNSIGNED   |     | NO   |         |       |         |

**Description of the fields**

### ShapeshiftID

| FormID |   Description    |
| :----: | :--------------: |
|   1    |     Cat Form     |
|   5    |    Bear Form     |
|   8    |  Dire Bear Form  |
|   27   | Epic Flight Form |
|   29   |   Flight Form    |

### RaceID

| RaceID | Description |
| :----: | :---------: |
|   4    |  Night Elf  |
|   6    |   Tauren    |

You also may refer to [chrraces](chrraces) "ID" column.

### CustomizationID

> If you're a Night Elf it's works by using the [haircolor](characters#haircolor) as the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're an Alliance character (only Night Elves) the customization ID is based off of [haircolor](characters#haircolor) of your character.
```

Example below:

| ShapeshiftID | RaceID | CustomizationID [[haircolor](characters#haircolor)] | GenderID | ModelID |                    Comment                    |
| :----------: | :----: | :-------------------------------------------------: | :------: | :-----: | :-------------------------------------------: |
|      5       |   4    |                          6                          |    2     |  29414  | Night Elf, any gender, bear colour: Dark Blue |

> If you're a Tauren it's works by using the [skin](characters#skin) as the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're a Horde character (only Tauren with stock races), the customization ID is based off of [skin colour](characters#skin) of your character.
```

| ShapeshiftID | RaceID | CustomizationID [[skin](characters#skin)] | GenderID | ModelID |                 Comment                 |
| :----------: | :----: | :---------------------------------------: | :------: | :-----: | :-------------------------------------: |
|      5       |   6    |                     0                     |    0     |  29418  | Tauren, male, bear colour: Dark (Black) |
|      5       |   6    |                     2                     |    1     |  29419  |   Tauren, female, bear colour: White    |

### GenderID

| [GenderID](characters#gender) | Description |
| :---------------------------: | :---------: |
|               0               |    Male     |
|               1               |   Female    |

> |               2               |   Unknown   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|               2               |  Any gender |
```

### ModelID

Refer to [creature_model_info](#creature_model_info#displayid)

> ### Default Values

Reviewer: As mentioned in Discord, I don't think this table really warrants having its values emplaced in the wiki page.

| [ModelID](#modelid)                 | INT     | UNSIGNED   |     | NO   |         |       |         |

**Description of the fields**

### ShapeshiftID

| FormID |   Description    |
| :----: | :--------------: |
|   1    |     Cat Form     |
|   5    |    Bear Form     |
|   8    |  Dire Bear Form  |
|   27   | Epic Flight Form |
|   29   |   Flight Form    |

### RaceID

| RaceID | Description |
| :----: | :---------: |
|   4    |  Night Elf  |
|   6    |   Tauren    |

You also may refer to [chrraces](chrraces) "ID" column.

### CustomizationID

If you're an Alliance character (only Night Elves with stock races), the customization ID is based off of [haircolor](characters#haircolor) of your character.

If you're a Horde character (only Tauren with stock races), the customization ID is based off of [skin colour](characters#skin) of your character.

### GenderID

| [GenderID](characters#gender) | Description |
| :---------------------------: | :---------: |
|               0               |    Male     |
|               1               |   Female    |
|               2               |  Any gender |

### ModelID

Refer to [creature_model_info](#creature_model_info#displayid)

> 

Reviewer 2: empty

# player_shapeshift_model

[<-Back-to:World](database-world)

**The \`player_shapeshift_model\` table**

This table holds the information on what values are used for the druid shapeshift models, based on the shapeshift, race, character customization, and the gender of the player character.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
